1. Ternary operator practice.
   a) var adminPassword = 'Rxjel$#1hs';
      var admin1 = "Yosi", admin2 = "Noa", admin3 = "Yael"

      Ask the user their username and
      ask to enter a password.

      If the username is equal to one of the admin's names 
      and if the password is equal to adminPassword, 
      show message "You're redirected to the admin area"

      If it is wrong, alert "Access denied"

   b) Ask the user to enter a word in upper case.
      Say if it is OK, or not in upper case.

      Hint to how to make this check see below all the exercises. 

2. 11111101 + 101001 ? (in binary system)

3. Show opening hours of museum.

   Get current Date by "new Date()".
   Use function currentDate.getDay().
   If it returns 1, it's Monday, the museum is closed.
   If it returns 0 or 4 - it's Sunday or Wednesday, 
   it's open half day from 8:00 till 12:00,
   In the other days it should be open from 8:00 till 20:00.    

   Use switch.

4. Our application should get a month and output it’s season 
   in accordance with this specification:

      Winter: December, January and February
      Spring: March, April and May
      Summer: June, July and August
      Autumn: September, October and November

   Use switch.

5. Get person's height and weight.
   Use switch(true).
   
   Respond to the person's combination of height 
   and weight (define your ranges), for example:

   If the person is taller than 180 and weights less than 90,
   say "You're tall, you should eat more".
   If the height is between 160 and 170 and the weight is less
   than 80, say "You're height is great, why you're
   speaking about your weight?", etc.

6. Like Wiki - continued from HW06.

e) Insert a picture inside some div and make it a link to somewhere.
f) Insert a picture inside some table and make it a link to nowhere.
g) Use px, cm, mm, inches and % for some sizes
h) Apply some identical properties to some list of classes
i) Put the files of your Wiki into mango/your-name/wiki directory

Hint for 1 b): if word is equal to word in Upper Case, then the
               original word is given in Upper Case